[Music]
what is happiness
can we find it in a new pair of shoes a
fast car or a bigger house or does real
happiness lie somewhere else
[Music]
hundreds of studies have proved that
spending time in nature can make us feel
better both in mind and body in a way
that nothing else can
we wanted to find out whether simply
watching footage of the natural world
could have the same effect
[Music]
last year we partnered with Professor
Dhaka Keltner an expert in human
psychology and emotion at the University
of California Berkeley for this project
he has reviewed over 150 scientific
studies that explore the positive effect
of nature on humans we also asked over
7500 people in six countries to tell us
how they were feeling before and after
watching planet Earth two clips
this data showed significant increases
in joy contentment curiosity or
amazement and wonder and clear
reductions in tiredness and low energy
it even reduced stress especially among
younger viewers these findings revealed
that wildlife programs can cause viewers
to experience positive emotions my study
of human happiness has revealed that
these emotions amazement Wonder and awe
are the foundations of a powerful form
of real human happiness real happiness
is a deeper less transient form of
happiness that can positively affect our
health so by simply watching incredible
footage of our natural world you too can
experience these uplifting emotions
helping you to be more connected with
this amazing place we call home
[Music]
you